I bully his mother
He bullied me
Miss Xia is more powerful than you think
Miss Xia, why don't you let Yanli help you look at your eyes?
I know her
Is it famous to pay the doctor?
Nobel Prize winner in medicine
Yes!
Maybe Yanli can cure your eyes
But don't but
President Su has spoken
Just give him face
Let's go to my office
Good night.
I'm not blind, I'll be found out
Miss Xia, let me briefly check for you first.
Wait a minute I have a number in mind
I'll arrange for the instrument inspection.
Or forget it. You're a patient
You should listen to your doctor
Take off your sunglasses
Doctor Fu
All right. Here we go.
Miss Xia
Is it fun to tease people?
You're not blind at all.